PORT-3606-docs-fix-advanced-form-configurations-page (#306)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/search-and-query/search-and-query.md

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="containsAny">

> The `containsAny` operator checks if the specified substring exists in the array:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `containsAny` operator checks if **any** of the specified strings exist in the target array:
```
